I'm sure we elect a deal but Evan Ashley
runs this city oh all the proceeds from
the rebuild straight into his pocket we
all know that but what's strange is how
Nash plane is always in the right place
at the right time right ha yeah have you
heard yeah the sightings of to Evan
explains their true but but how do you
ask a body double I don't know his dad
played a mesma I'm pretty certain it's
just somebody pretending to be him know
if the second Nash blade is Evans twin
brother Carmen yeah the twins stay in
contact until a press eight if they own
this city again it can't stop to Nash
plates hey you ever wonder what they did
with the bodies huh Bob they'll want you
to know but I know they use the bodies
to rebuild the city yeah bones or rebar
blood from mortar yeah we tread on the
flesh of the dead god the dead that is
simply not true and quite frankly
extremely disturbing whatever happened
to my trim why didn't della quite
investigations take her down after
scarlet I'll tell you why never notice
the resemblance between the delano
sisters not Marjorie Melinda huh my
treat jamie is Marjorie's long-lost
sister the secret family shame the great
detective let er go elder change your
name they've changed your face that is
preposterous they aren't related well
there is a certain resemblance
maybe so I heard a story about some
friends of mine being dragon minions
yeah whole news but did you know
everyone's a dragon minion humans are
the Joseph site and they rebelled when
he was defeated yes no sure flaming
Devils or prime artist watch dragon
he'll be right now your leg Oh bukas